Rephrasing of line 151 (#2895)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/use-cli-effectively.md

az group delete --name MyResourceGroup --no-wait
```

> When you remove a resource group, you also remove all the resources that belong to it. Reclaiming these resources can take a long time. When this command is run with the `--no-wait` parameter, the console can accept new commands immediately, even though it's still working on this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deleting a resource group, all the resources that belong to it are also removed. Removing these resources can take a long time. Running the command with the `--no-wait` parameter, allows the console to accept new commands without interrupting the removal.
```

This suggestion changes the voice to match the rest of the article. Do you think would still satisfy your intent?

Author: Sure! Thanks!
